platform/README.md, before:

# Unified XUL Platform (UXP)

This repository holds the code for a unified application platform for XUL-based
applications. It is a hard fork from the Mozilla code repository (mozilla-central)
with an ESR-52 fork point.

In addition to further development based on the Mozilla upstream code, and
selective cherry-picking of directly-applicable patches, this repository has its
own development and holds the base for a maintained platform to be used by XUL
applications.

For a list of active projects making use of the Unified XUL Platform, checkout http://thereisonlyxul.org/.

## Additional documentation

Additional documentation relevant to this source code can be found in the `/docs`
directory. This will contain relevant documentation regarding contributing,
using and distributing this code and its binaries.

If you are interested in the development and building side of things, some
information will be available on the [Pale Moon developer site](http://developer.palemoon.org).
You are also always welcome to get in touch with our community on the [Pale Moon forum](https://forum.palemoon.org/).

### A note about trademarks and branding

Although this repository is licensed under Mozilla Public License v2.0, the
trademarks and brands contained herein remain the property of their respective
owners. For more details, please see the notifications in the respective directories.

### Foundation and maintainership

This repository has been founded by Moonchild (M.C. Straver) and is maintained by him
and other community members.
If you fork this repository to perform your own work on it, please consider offering
improvement patches upstream to its origin to mutually improve the platform and build
a future for XUL.

## Looking for Pale Moon and Basilisk?
As of [`Issue #969`](https://repo.palemoon.org/MoonchildProductions/UXP/issues/969), release versions `28.9.0` and `2020.03.04` respectively, they have been split off into their own dedicated repositories located at [`MoonchildProductions/Pale-Moon`](https://repo.palemoon.org/MoonchildProductions/Pale-Moon) and [`MoonchildProductions/Basilisk`](https://repo.palemoon.org/MoonchildProductions/Basilisk).

Commit message:

[GRE] Create the Goanna Runtime Environment

platform/README.md, after:

# Goanna Run-time Environment (GRE)

This repository holds the code for [Goanna](http://www.moonchildproductions.info/goanna.shtml)-based platform code for XUL-based
applications. It is a hard fork from the Mozilla code repository (mozilla-central).

In addition to further development based on the Mozilla sourced code, and
selective cherry-picking of directly-applicable patches, this repository has its
own development and holds the base for a maintained platform to be used by XUL
applications.

For a list of active projects making use of the Unified XUL Platform, check out
http://thereisonlyxul.org/.

## Additional documentation

Additional documentation relevant to this source code can be found in the `/docs`
directory. This will contain relevant documentation regarding contributing,
using and distributing this code and its binaries.

If you are interested in the development and building side of things, some
information will be available on the [Pale Moon developer site](http://developer.palemoon.org).
You are also always welcome to get in touch with our community on the [Pale Moon forum](https://forum.palemoon.org/).

### A note about trademarks and branding

Although this repository is licensed under Mozilla Public License v2.0, the
trademarks and brands contained herein remain the property of their respective
owners. For more details, please see the notifications in the respective directories.

### Foundation and maintainership

This repository has been founded by Moonchild (M.C. Straver) and is maintained by him
and other community members.
If you fork this repository to perform your own work on it, please consider offering
improvement patches upstream to its origin to mutually improve the platform and build
a future for XUL.
